in the middle of the pitch and launch launch comes
pro paulo henrique goose goes
strange ne
the defender that the show's firefighter won
In Sao paulo crossed to duck will do
the goal
many be father
the victory team quarterback that baby
lost the bid but that this system is
which he did as soon as he covers the 15
He won his first good moment of the kiss
goose dominated inside the area and hit
certain and white fair it passes on
right measure but measure roasted on arrival
duck background from the mine beam on the
area there the room with a fall that made it
and the São Paulo symbol in front of the
Mangueira community young and or
syndrom in the sequence comes the thigh falls in
him and the party is established in
February and 1 to São Paulo already
victory part of the incredible matone
indicted by the kiss at its best
soccer
we have won a role that you provide
the tricolor crowd the detail of the goal
hit the quarterback again
for club members in the project
Sao paulo has uploaded to alan kardec vai
second goal taken from goalkeeper will do
reporting will do and we have sneakers
female
in São Paulo
about mother
hum claimed that in the category of god gb
He gets the ball over again.
increase in defender left the track
when the goal of the tie on the diagonal
the ball hit the tail to measure other
right side is on the cheek of the
net died at the back of the goal
alan kardec to make the second goal of the
São Paulo in the game
most football excitement in mexemos
in this emotion that you
provides the tricolor crowd now
São Paulo 2 São Paulo 2 x 0 pro team
from the victory to pluck the
gol is all your design guilherme fagundes
diabelli has played douglas received
on the right was pulled through a
beautiful pass to alan kardec who entered
goalkeeper dribbled the ball and the
he touched his right foot to the back of the goal
third goal of alan kardec in this
brazilian championship amplie são paulo
by the right has escaped from the
first time in games collected value
by douglas opened the duck will hit the
movie hit
the course of the sampaio
and Buemi Patton
the beat of the badea fact to make the
third goal of São Paulo in the match for
of books come in a hurry to drive
impressive and clothes he won the
work is already great and the
duck speed and rolled for duck that
dominated left leg in leg
left also rents in the area
beautiful ball of cheek will change the
xexa on the cheek of the red bull in the background o
I'm going to die for cheap badoo to do the
second goal of the game in morumbi the second
and the third goal of são paulo the second
his three are paulo 0 for the victory o
detail of the goal is all its design
guilherme fagundes is a very hard foul
in keeping it in the team played by the right
osvaldo ringtone for douglas douglas
for the duck he has been cutting from the right
to the middle and kicked left leg
in the right corner of goalie wilson
fourth goal of alexandre duck on
brazilian championship well getting
thrashed aquino told the producer
airton intermediate raining namorador
has a game condition to make the goal
dominated cadu hit a goal
O
the victory marked the 46 pilot hump in
the second half of the game
Sao Paulo left but someone when
appeared as douglas who gave condition
placed that knocked down does not generate
died at the bottom of the net
now sao paulo 31 pro win every
Game are you the biggest in football?
emotion than you provide cheer
goal of victory